Update ASA deployment to pass custom parameters (#287)
scale-it/algo-builder: docs/guide/deployer.md

To deploy an ASA you must have `asa.yaml` file in `assets` folder. Head to the [ASA Definition File Spec](https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Algorand-builder-specs-Vcdp0XNngizChyUWvFXfs#:uid=077585002872354521007982&h2=ASA-Definition-File) to learn more.

> #### Passing custom ASA parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Deploying ASA with custom parameters
```

> User can also override the fields in `assets/asa.yaml` when deploying ASA. Eg. If user wants to use a multisig address from 3 accounts: `alice, bob, john` as the Asset Reserve. We can create a multisig address in `algob` script first and then pass this address as a custom asaParams.

Reviewer 2: are we overwriting fields in .yaml ? because that's the current deployed asa.
Please update `override`

Author: I think overwriting means that we overwrite .yaml as well. Override means that we override the input from .yaml file with custom `asaParams`. So not sure if this should be overwrite

Reviewer 2: That's why I mentioned to overwrite

Author: You're suggesting to update the implementation to "overwrite" asa.yaml as well. OK.
By your previous comment it seams you suggest to update the readme only.

> User can also pass custom ASA params to `deployASA` function. This will override the fields in `assets/asa.yaml`. Eg. If user wants to use a multisig address from 3 accounts: `alice, bob, john` as the Asset Reserve. We can create a multisig address in `algob` script first and then pass this address as a custom asaParams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User can also override the fields in `assets/asa.yaml` when deploying ASA. Eg. If user wants to use a multisig address from 3 accounts: `alice, bob, john` as the Asset Reserve. We can create a multisig address in `algob` script first and then pass this address as a custom asaParams.
```

```javascript
const { createMsigAddress } = require('@algo-builder/algob');

const addrs = [alice.addr, bob.addr, john.addr];
const [mparams, multsigaddr] = createMsigAddress(1, 2, addrs); // version = 1, threshold = 2

// while deploying ASA pass custom asa param

> await deployer.deployASA("ASA-2", {...}, { reserve: multsigaddr }); // this will overwrite reserve field in assets/asa.yaml

Reviewer 2: how about merging it with ASADeployment flags ? this seems as extra variable here, adding them in ASADeployment flags seems clear to me

Author: I think passing it as a separate field is better. As `asaDef` has many fields so passing separately looks better to me. But if that doesn't better we can pass in deployment  flags only. let me know.

> await deployer.deployASA("ASA-2", {...}, { reserve: multsigaddr }); // this will overwrite reserve field in assets/asa.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
await deployer.deployASA("ASA-2", {...}, { reserve: multsigaddr }); // this will overwrite reserve field from assets/asa.yaml
```
